ARENA JSON Schema
-----------------

CAUTION: These files are autogenerated from https://github.com/arenaxr/arena-schemas. Changes made here may be overwritten.

## Background on Unity JSON parsing

In general Unity’s JSON parser is the fastest possible, but there are reasons for that.

This discussion, brings up one point that is important to us, but there are others. https://discussions.unity.com/t/can-jsonutility-parse-property-names-containing-dashes-hyphens/171564


Unity’s `JsonUtility` is really good it you only want to serialize C# classes and deserialize formerly serialized C# classes.

When you have to support properties like dashes in json names that aren’t allowed in c# names, you start to need a library with support to convert for you. That might be the most obvious example, but there are a handful of others
```csharp
        [JsonProperty(PropertyName = "video-control")]
        public ArenaVideoControlJson videoControl = null;
```

Another is the `from` and `to` of `animation-mixer`  which needs to deserialize successfully, both
```json
"to": "blue"
```
and
```json
"to": {"x": 1, "x": 1, "z": 100}
```
using the same class without throwing exceptions, such things start needing third party json libraries.

The json we use is fine, it just doesn’t easily fit in the C# style json Unity’s `JsonUtility` was built for.

Also the `Newtonsoft.JSON` library was pulled into Unity’s `com.unity` namespace a few years back, I think in part because so many were already using it to support these non-C# more flexible Json use cases. https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.nuget.newtonsoft-json@3.2/manual/index.html

I’d love to know if there is a way we can use `JsonUtility` only for our message schema, it would add a boost at large scale ingress parsing.
